Suppressing individual freedom in the name of subjective feelings

I have done a bit of research into a growing community of people who aggressively advocate sacrificing individual freedom in the name of subjective feelings.
This manifests in the from of manipulating an organization's power structure to suppress individuals or behaviors they deem "offensive".
They commonly call themselves "Social Justice Warriors", although many distance themselves from that term once bad tactics become associated with it.
I am enumerating a list of common behaviors in hope that I can alert others of what to look for, as it can be hard to believe people this extreme actually exist until your organization has been targeted by them.

They advertise victim-hood as a justification for unequal, privileged treatment to the supposed "victims".

They are a vocal minority who presumes to speak on behalf of a much larger group.
They prey on the good intentions of others to give them a foothold.

They insist that beliefs much match identity in a collective.
For example, if your collective identity is "black", and you are republican, that makes you a race traitor.
Another example, if your collective identity is "woman", and you are pro-life, that means you have internalized misogyny.

They impose an ever increasing list of social rules that others must follow in order to avoid offending the groups they claim to speak for.

They think successful people are only successful because they are oppressors, unsuccessful people are only unsuccessful because they are oppressed.

They don't believe in personal agency, the only thing that matters is which collective identity you belong to.

They genuinely believe they are oppressed, not because of any actual oppression, but because they are taught that some irrelevant characteristic such as skin color or gender completely subsumes personal agency.

They have no interest in solutions, their priority is to convince everyone else there is a problem, especially if the problem no longer exists.
Solving the problem is actually counterproductive to them, as it reduces their perceived need, and therefore their power and influence.

Witch-hunt behavior, they have a tenancy to attack the personal lives of those who dare disagree with them, by making false public accusations of some kind.

They tend to call anyone who disagrees with their authoritarian tactics "nazis", "alt-right", or a -ist, or -phobe of some kind.  They will even equate liberals to nazis.

They mischaracterize criticism as "hate speech".

They form ideological echo chambers, any who disagree are not just wrong, they are evil.

They treat words they don't like as if they were the same as violence.

They turn on their own to maintain cult-like ideological purity, any dissenters are un-personed.

Their identity groups also eventually turn on their own, as there is never enough victim-hood to go around (in these social circles, gay men were once considered oppressed, now they are considered oppressors).

They hold individuals accountable for sins of the collective, even if the individual had nothing to do with the offense.

They repackage religious concepts in non-religious terminology
* original sin -> privilege
* blasphemy laws -> political correctness
* born again -> woke
* inquisition -> false accusations to damage career
* infidel -> identity politics

They deny others ability to listen to opposing arguments, often by violently shutting speakers down, such as happened in Berkeley, where victims of their violence included women, elderly, and handicapped, they symbolically burned a free speech sign, destroyed property, lit fires, used explosives and smoke bombs, and nearly murdered someone by smashing him over the head with a bike lock.
These are not just wackos at the fringes of society, the bike lock attacker was a college professor.
He taught ethics.

They believe opposing ideas are a threat to their very existence, which means shutting down freedom of speech By Any Means Necessary.

They claim to be so fragile that others need to provide them with "safe spaces" where they can be protected from exposure to points of view they don't like.
Some even advocate these safe spaces be racially segregated, to protect the "helpless" black people from the "oppressive" white people.

They are focused on equality of outcome at the expense of equality of opportunity.
All races and genders must have equal "representation", regardless of interest or qualifications.
If they see an unequal outcome, they are quick to level claims of bigotry without regard to the merit of those that did the work to achieve their outcome.

They tend to be so focused on race, that they think to be color blind is to be racist.
I know this seems contradictory, but many actually believe it nonetheless.
The rationale is that if you don't take race into account, you can't ensure equal outcomes by race.

They are not concerned with reason or evidence, only anecdotes or "lived experience", that are not representative of the larger whole.

They believe that "meritocracy is white supremacy".  Yes I know that sounds crazy, google that phrase if you don't believe me, I am not creative enough to make up something so unbelievable.
They think it is not racist to say things like "all I want for christmas is white genocide".  Again, I can't make this shit up, and this is a university professor performing this type of idiocy.
They somehow think a phrase like "its ok to be white", is racist.

Apologizing for "offending" them is like blood in the watter, this will trigger a feeding frenzy where no amount of penance is ever enough
They complain about ever smaller first-world problems to secure their victim status, such as "micro aggressions"

They claim biological sex is a social construct, with no basis in reality.
Example quote:
"It's not correct that there is such a thing as biological sex. I'm an historian of medicine."
Nicholas Matte - Lecturer, Transgender Studies at University of Toronto.

They use words in odd ways, some examples
diverse -> non-white
speech they disagree with -> violence
racist -> having power, privilege, and being white.
person who disagrees with them -> racist, nazi, white supremacist, transphobe

They think individuals should not have the same freedom of speech based on race or gender.
For example, an ACLU free speech event was shouted down on the basis that "liberalism is white supremacy"
Here is a longer example from the Democratic National Committee:
"I’m a white woman, I don’t get it... My job is to listen and be a voice and shut other white people down when they want to interrupt... We pull people in and they are volunteers. They don’t know anything and then we send them out to have conversations with people, hard conversations. We promote them to chair of a party where they have power and they have no clue what they are doing. We have to, at the DNC, provide training. We have to teach them how to communicate, how to be sensitive and how to shut their mouths if they are white. So I think I made my point."
Sally Boynton Brown - DNC Chair Candidate, got loud cheering from the audience.  Ironically, she interrupted a black person to make that point.

So far the most effective, and therefore most vilified, individual opposing this nonsense is Jordan Peterson.
Here is Jordan Peterson's description of the "Politically Correct Game"
First, you identify a domain of human endeavor. It could be the wealth of people within a society. It could be the psychological well-being of individuals within a given organization. It could be the prowess of school children at a particular sport.
Second, you note the inevitable continuum of success. Some people are richer or happier than others. Some children are better at playing volleyball.
Third, you define those doing comparatively better as oppressors of those doing comparatively worse.
Fourth, and finally, you declare solidarity with the latter, and enmity for the former (now all-too-convenient targets for your resentment and hatred).

Some people worth following if you want to follow the larger "cultural civil war" that this is a part of:
Jonathan Heidt, Jordan Peterson, Bret Weinstein, Nicholas A. Christakis, Christina Hoff Sommers, Cassie Jaye, Brendan O'Neill, James Damore, Lindsay Shepherd, Dave Rubin, Michael Shermer, Sam Harris, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Majid Nawaz, Steven Pinker, Sarah Haider, Douglas Murry

These social justice warriors are only the unaware foot soldiers of a much deeper ideology.
My description here only scratches the surface, for me to explain this fully I would have to write several novels.
If you want to understand the underlying rationale behind these behavior patterns, look into the Frankfurt School, Critical Theory, Postmodernism, and Intersectional Feminism (not to be confused with the types of Feminism focusing on equal opportunity, such as First Wave and Second Wave Feminism)
You may have noticed some of these behaviors and beliefs are contradictory, that is not a mistake I made, I am merely providing as accurate portrayal as I can, I am not claiming people who think this way are internally consistent.

If your mind is currently inventing a rebuttal of the "not all" flavor, re-read my first line.
I am not referring to "all", I am referring to "people who aggressively advocate sacrificing individual freedom in the name of subjective feelings"
