Liberalist Stream #1 - the most important principle

The number one most important principle for a Liberalist is "Objective Truth"

No matter what your other principles are, without valuing objective truth, there is no way to tell the difference between policies that promote or detract from those principles in practice.
As imperfect beings, the best chance we have for discovering objective truths is protecting freedom of speech.
Any idea, not matter how offensive, how hurtful, or how much we wish it were not true, must be allowed to be expressed.
To vet which ideas are objectively true, it must be every individuals right to hear all ideas.
There is nothing wrong with bias, as long as no particular biases are singled out for censorship.
Let all ideas compete on the open marketplace that is the minds of the individuals willing to evaluate them.
It is possible for non-Liberalists to also value objective truth, but to be a Liberalist, one MUST value objective truth.
This means anyone using intellectual dishonesty to further their idea, is not acting as a Liberalist.
I annotated the word "truth" with "objective" to separate it from other types of truths, such as poetic truths from sacred texts, personal truths from lived experience, and so on.

This is not something I pulled off the top of my head, it has philosophical roots, particularly in the writings of John Stuart Mill, consider the following quotes:
"He who knows only his own side of the case knows little of that".
"We can never be sure that the opinion we are trying to stifle is a false opinion; and even if we were sure, stifling it would be an evil still".

Objective truth does not run contrary to individual freedom.
To make this point, I have contrived a hypothetical example intended to be maximally offensive, while demonstrating that its offensiveness is no threat to Liberalism.
Suppose it turned out to be objectively true that my particular race and gender in the aggregate were ill suited to a particular job,
that does not matter one bit as long as I am judged on my merit as an individual rather than a statistical regularity that happens to match my collective attributes.
I may be the exception to the rule, towards the end of rather then the center of the bell curve.
For a Liberalist, even if collective freedom mattered at all, it would still be subordinate to individual freedom.
Therefore, as long as I am not discriminated against as an individual because of my collective attributes, the fact of the matter does not harm me in any substantive way, no matter how offensive I may personally find it.
